listen if you thought god he was bad
well the director of these decided to
release this comic-book adaptation about
the government's infiltrating our minds
through a broadcast signal and you got a
zero percent now I'm not saying around
Tomatoes is to say all be all to
everything but they got that consensus
down obviously Netflix counts of you
nowadays as long as there's electricity
in your house so it made it to the top
ten but I'm here to save you that two
hours and thirty minutes like I said
it's based on a comic by the guy who did
deadly class which got its own show and
he even wrote seven to Eternity which I
liked but this ain't it then fast
I have things it is that let me explain
so according to the plot in this not so
distant future the government knows the
frequency in our brains that causes us
to commit crimes and they have this
signal that would just turn it off
pretty much this is the type of tech
people on Facebook think 5g is going to
be grandma's or main character played by
Edgar Ramirez with such ease it's like
he's playing him in his sleep he's a
criminal who does crime but he never hit
the big one you know he wants his biopic
to be the score but sadly it's the last
days of American crime after his brother
reportedly takes his life in prison he
sets off to pull one last heist before
the frequency takes over but this movie
is so cringy with how edgy it tries to
be
before that she act that's right what
can I get you you want something a drink
cocaine we got some great cocaine that's
some gruesome - I deserve some there
villains are also so touchy it's like
they it's like they played Skyfall for
them on loop and said do that the way
they have sex is so awkward especially
with the way it's film like Liam got
more thrusts in and taking three well
they were just Shekhar Fitness ok loser
they then introduce Michael Pitt who I
really do like is an actor I think he's
very good but here boy looks like Jared
Leto Joker after a shower
his name is Kevin cash and he has a
hacker girlfriend who's actually the one
gram just uploaded his hard drive into I
mean he was behind yours they end up
working together since they want to
literally pull the last crime on
American soil before the API signal goes
out and it's a reverse purge forever so
they set out to kill the head honcho
jack is weapons and bazooka the way out
of there their plan is to hack a tower
to disable the signal for 30 minutes or
less in order to pull off the heist but
the hacker just so happens to be working
with the cops so we get an extra 30
minutes up lie where she gets kidnapped
Graham gets cracked beaten and tied as
hush 2.0 tries to burn him alive before
he realizes there's still an hour left
in this movie so I should never have
called you a loser the worst part about
it is that I read the comic as well just
to see if it did anything but it's no
better than the movie it's only three
issues and it shares a lot of the same
problems that the movie has which is the
characters suck so then you take a
filmmaker who shoots on digital that
works like their on film and it explains
a lot
it's like this man had a 32 gig card in
the Alexa considering he made no
attempts to get better takes Kevin comes
back embodying his inner wizzo and they
pull off the heist but then you get a
flashback where Kevin was actually
incarcerated and he was forced to fight
so they could test the frequency on them
but get this they didn't tell us that he
found a channel in his brain where they
can't reach him but the cops found him
hmm
Graham takes his red pill and charges
with his girl for the border to Canada
for an escape but obviously he doesn't
make it they do and then he reminds that
sharlto copley was in this movie
randomly playing a cop name well I was
wondering if I could still put my name
down for the implant but he doesn't
really do anything and in the movie yet
see my problem with it is that they
never really take advantage of the story
and it's so long the world makes no
sense because all they did was really
just spike up crime by having literal
big-ass stopped clocks letting people
know how much time they had to lose
there's no deeper introspection on the
testing done in prisons for profit which
they could've gone deeper in it's a
clear case of having an interesting
premise that never gets explained
because they'd rather focus on a cast of
characters who are also about
interesting
but again it's just coming from the dude
who changes last name because he was
born 20 years after the bombing in
Hiroshima and was like Megaton that's
the name I want Rolla thank you guys for
checking out this video I'm Kirsten are
your thoughts down below in the comment
section definitely do not check out this
movie I'm curious to know if there is
any other pics on Netflix that you would
recommend or any of the other streaming
services I've been working on a video
for Watchmen so that one got a lot
deeper than I thought that it was going
to be but I'm very excited for that one
with a bunch of other videos that are
coming out but let me know of any of
your thoughts if you haven't seen we've
been doing these Monday live streams as
well to kind of catch up on letterbox
for the stuff that we've been watching
many times we can't do a full LME on
them but I figured you know with the
money line streams we'd be able to catch
up on some of the stuff have like a Q&A
and things but yeah let me know any of
the other stuff that you have yes this
was a really crappy movie I have nothing
to say in the outro that that's how
upsetting this one was but I sat through
it so you don't have to and yeah that's
it
don't forget to comment like and
subscribe I didn't really see the point
because I didn't know anything about the
story and
[Music]